Add issue templates (#2086)
vaadin/web-components: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: "\U0001F680 Feature Request"
about: "I have a specific suggestion for the TypeScript and HTML API of Vaadin components!"
title: ''
labels: 'i: needs triage'
assignees: ''

---

> ### Describe a problem you proposal is addressing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Describe your motivation
```

> A concise description of what the problem or reason is. For example, I'm always frustrated when [...]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A concise description of why you are proposing a change. For example, you would like a new feature to solve a use-case, or you want an existing feature changed because it is difficult to use.
```
Would like this to not focus on frustrations.
